
Distribution:
License:
========
Published under the GPL. See file COPYRIGHT which comes along with
this package. The RMQ code (files RMQ*) were written by Johannes 
Fischer (Ludwig-Maximilians Uni) and also published under the GNU GPL.
(see COPYRIGHT file). 

If you use any of this code for experiments in a research paper please 
cite the article in which the algorithm is described:

Simon J. Puglisi & Andrew Turpin,
Space-time tradeoffs for Longest-common-prefix array computation, 
Proceedings of the 19th International Symposium on Algorithms and Computation (ISAAC'08), (2008).

and publish the URL from which you downloaded the code. Thanks.

Description:
There are two programs which compute the LCP array of a string, given 
the string and its suffix array (SA). The first program, "lcpdc", reads 
the SA into memory and overwrites it with the LCP array. The second 
program, "seclcpdc", leaves the SA on disk and overwrites it there 
with the LCP array (this means less primary memory is used - the slow
down from lcpdc is very small).

Build:
Type "make" to make the two programs: "lcpdc" and "seclcpdc".

Usage:
./lcpdc inputfile logv

The file "inputfile" contains the string.

The file "inputfile.sa" must also be present and
must contain the suffix array as a string of four
byte integers.

The parameter "logv" is the logarithm (base 2) of the period of the
difference cover you would like to use. Valid values for "logv" are
2,3,4,5,6,7 and 8. The larger the number the less memory the program
will use. See the paper for more details.

Usage for "seclcpdc" is the same as "lcpdc", except seclcpdc will 
expects to find a file "inputfile.lcp" which initially contains the 
suffix array as a string of four byte integers; so usage will usually
be something like:

cp english.50MB.sa english.50MB.lcp
./seclcpdc english.50MB 5 

After seclcpdc executes "inputfile.lcp" will contain the lcp array.

If you find any bugs please let me know.

Simon Puglisi
Melbourne
November 2008
simon . puglisi AT rmit DOT edu DOT au

